Documentation update and added a full test (#67)
nf-core/mcmicro: README.md

If you want to run the original MCMICRO pipeline outside of nf-core, please see <https://mcmicro.org/>.

> The nf-core/mcmicro pipeline is an end-to-end processing pipeline that transforms multi-channel whole-slide images into single-cell data. It takes samplesheet and markersheet files as input and perfoms registration, segmentation and quantification. Multiple segmentation modules are available and can be run in parallel. The pipeline can also optionally perform background and shading correction, background subtraction, and supports TMI cores. It returns a pre-segmentation image file, a segmentation mask image, and a cell x feature array spreadsheet.

Reviewer: "TMI cores" -> "tissue microarrays"

Author: I couldn't agree more about the importance of getting the docs right.  Happy to make any changes.
updated this one. thanks!

![nf-core/mcmicro metro diagram](assets/mcmicro_metro.png)

> The MC in MCMICRO stands for 'Multiple Choice' and that refers to the fact that there will be multiple module options available for most steps in the pipeline. The currently supported options are provided in parentheses for required steps.

Reviewer: most -> many

Author: Sure, makes sense. Thanks!

1. Registration ([Ashlar](https://nf-co.re/modules/ashlar/))
2. Segmentation ([Cellpose](https://nf-co.re/modules/cellpose/), [Mesmer](https://nf-co.re/modules/deepcell_mesmer/))
3. Quantification ([MCQuant](https://nf-co.re/modules/mcquant/))

## Usage

> [!NOTE]
> If you are new to Nextflow and nf-core, please refer to [this page](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/installation) on how to set-up Nextflow. Make sure to [test your setup](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/introduction#how-to-run-a-pipeline) with `-profile test` before running the workflow on actual data.

First, prepare a samplesheet and markersheet with your input data that looks as follows:

`samplesheet.csv`:

```csv
sample,cycle_number,channel_count,image_tiles

> TEST1,1,10,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nf-core/test-datasets/modules/data/imaging/ome-tiff/cycif-tonsil-cycle1.ome.tif

Reviewer: 10 -> 4

Author: Ah, right. Thanks for catching this error!

```

Each row of the samplesheet represents a single cycle `ome.tiff` microscopy image file. The first column `sample` is the sample identifier. It can be repeated in multiple rows for samples with multiple cycles. The second column `cycle_number` is a number corresponding to the cycle number of the image. The third column `channel_count` is a count of the number of channels in the image. The fourth column `image_tiles` is a path or URL to the input image file.

`markersheet.csv`:

```csv
channel_number,cycle_number,marker_name

> 21,1,DNA_6

Reviewer: This should be replaced with the actual markers for the testdata tonsil cycle 1.

Author: Oh, of course.  Thanks!

> [!WARNING]
> Please provide pipeline parameters via the CLI or Nextflow `-params-file` option. Custom config files including those provided by the `-c` Nextflow option can be used to provide any configuration _**except for parameters**_; see [docs](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/getting_started/configuration#custom-configuration-files).

Now, you can run the pipeline using:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/mcmicro \
   -profile <docker/singularity/.../institute> \
   --input_cycle samplesheet.csv \
   --marker_sheet markers.csv \
   --outdir <OUTDIR>
```

For more details and further functionality, please refer to the [usage documentation](https://nf-co.re/mcmicro/usage) and the [parameter documentation](https://nf-co.re/mcmicro/parameters).

## Pipeline output

To see the results of an example test run with a full size dataset refer to the [results](https://nf-co.re/mcmicro/results) tab on the nf-core website pipeline page.
For more details about the output files and reports, please refer to the
[output documentation](https://nf-co.re/mcmicro/output).

## Credits

> nf-core/mcmicro was written by Rob Young and Jeremy Muhlich from the Laboratory of Systems Pharmacology at The Harvard University Medical School. It is based on the Multiple-choice microscopy pipeline (MCMICRO) which was also developed there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/mcmicro was written by Rob Young and Jeremy Muhlich from the Laboratory of Systems Pharmacology at Harvard Medical School. It is based on version 1.0 of mcmicro (labsyspharm/mcmicro) which was also developed there.
```

<!-- TODO nf-core: Add citation for pipeline after first release. Uncomment lines below and update Zenodo doi and badge at the top of this file. -->
<!-- If you use nf-core/mcmicro for your analysis, please cite it using the following doi: [10.5281/zenodo.XXXXXX](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.XXXXXX) -->

> <!-- TODO nf-core: Add bibliography of tools and data used in your pipeline -->

Reviewer: I noticed you just deleted this section entirely. What do other pipelines put here? I suppose we don't need to enumerate all of our modules here since there must be some automated scheme for that.

Author: I removed that because it's handled by the `CITATIONS.md` file that's referenced at the end of the README.  This is how both `rnaseq` and `sarek` seem to handle it.  I did drop the ball of getting `CITATIONS.md` filled in with all the modules we use though, so I'll work on getting those added now.
Thanks so much for pointing this out.  Please let me know if you'd like me to handle it differently.
Should I also cite the tonsil data we're using?

Author: I've updated `CITATIONS.md` with references and URLs for the tools we use.  I used the MCMICRO reference for Backsub and MCQuant.  Please let me know if there are better papers for them.
